documents/TODO.md, before:

# Todo list
### Most immediate changes that should happen; **NOT** an extensive list of every feature to be added
"*" means it must be done before next release

- Fix theme switcher buttons.*
  - Buttons are too small and are not at fixed positions.
- Polish and finalize the "Subspace Rift" theme textures.*
- Polish and finalize the "Glitched" theme textures.*
- Polish Statistics screen.
- Consider making game speed increase slower and start slightly faster in all gamemodes.
  - Maybe even make Insane speed slower. Or maybe faster.

-----

## More long term considerations
- Test app on API 35 phone/emulator (tested!)
- Test app on more screen shapes & sizes.
- Consider changing package to remove leading "a"
  - Obviously, consider how that may affect the app on the Google Play Store.
  - Current package is `com.zytronium.a8bitracing`
  - Possible considerations are:
    - `com.zytronium.8bitracing`
    - `com.zytronium.8-bit-racing`
    - `com.zytronium.inf8bitracing`
    - `com.zytronium.inf-8-bit-racing`
    - `com.zytronium.infinite8bitracing`
    - `com.zytronium.infinite-8-bit-racing`

Commit message:

adjusted theme switcher to have bigger buttons that are in a fixed position so it's easier to hit them

documents/TODO.md, after:

# Todo list
### Most immediate changes that should happen; **NOT** an extensive list of every feature to be added
"*" means it must be done before next release

- Add new theme switcher GUI for main menu separate from the one in the pause menu
- Polish and finalize the "Glitched" theme textures.
- Polish credits display
- Consider making game speed increase slower and start slightly faster in all gamemodes.
  - Maybe even make Insane speed slower. Or maybe faster.

-----

## More long term considerations
- Test app on API 35 phone/emulator (tested!)
- Test app on more screen shapes & sizes.
- Consider changing package to remove leading "a"
  - Obviously, consider how that may affect the app on the Google Play Store.
  - Current package is `com.zytronium.a8bitracing`
  - Possible considerations are:
    - `com.zytronium.8bitracing`
    - `com.zytronium.8-bit-racing`
    - `com.zytronium.inf8bitracing`
    - `com.zytronium.inf-8-bit-racing`
    - `com.zytronium.infinite8bitracing`
    - `com.zytronium.infinite-8-bit-racing`
